Provided by explosiveskull
https://twitter.com/kaboomskull
Previously on
Dexter: New Blood...
It's me.
Harrison.
It's just a few things.
in case you decide
you want to stay.
I'm Jim's son.
Son?
I guess you met my mom.
The cop.
Chief of police.
The one dating your dad.
Matt Caldwell's been cleared.
He wants the gun dropped off
at his dad's lodge.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
You see what I did there.
uh. Jim?
What the...?
You have no idea
what you're doing!
Matt Caldwell
disappeared in the woods
near here last night.
Your place is close
to all the public
hunting grounds.
I was hoping
we could set up base camp
for the search here.
I just found this
about a mile down the trail.
- right before I got to the...
- Highway.
What's going on?
Evidence points
to him fleeing the area.
What are you talking about?
My son has disappeared.
and we need to find him now.
We'll keep going
through the night.
Matt's out there.
I'm gonna find him.
if it's the last thing I do.
Ah. wilderness.
Snow. Ice.
Privacy.
Well. maybe not so much privacy.
I've got a search party
all over my property
looking for someone who's
literally under their feet.
All because I made
one tiny mistake
and killed someone.
Now I need to search for a way
to get everyone off my land
so I can be a proper dad
for my son.
Okay. Let's go. buddy.
Five more minutes?
This drone is so cool.
We're meeting with
the school principal. First day.
Don't want to be late.
Okay.
- Thanks. Logan.
- Oh. yeah. Anytime.
Oh. hey!
You want to wrestle?
I'm the assistant coach
of the high school team.
You should try out.
Cool.
Y-Yeah.
I'll-I'll think about it.
Jim. you okay
with your son wrestling?
Uh... sure.
Sounds good.
Yeah. it's a great sport.
Teaches you personal growth.
confidence. mental toughness.
Logan!
We're going back to the station.
There's been a break
in the case.
A break in the case? Perfect.
What happened?
Talk later. Jim.
What do you think it is?
You think they found the body?
We'll find out soon enough.
Let's go.
By the way. Jim.
my husband loves that
fishing rod you talked him into.
Great.
He said you were right.
Having that fast action
helps him
put more pressure on the fish.
Glad it worked out.
Me. too.
So. I've been looking
at Harrison's grades.
and I have some concerns.
- Concerns?
- In just one year.
he went from a 3.8
down to a 1.2.
then back to a 3.0.
Why is that?
I'm not exactly sure.
Uh. my stepmom died.
Oh. Um...
I'm so sorry.
Is that why you moved
from Argentina to Miami?
Yep.
So. who did you move
to Miami with?
Uh. I was placed
in the foster care system.
Foster care?
And where were you?
Yeah.
Why don't you tell them
why you left your beloved son?
Things were complicated. ma'am.
Um...
My stepmom and I had just moved.
And when she died. uh.
Jim had no way of reaching me.
It's not his fault.
Hi. Jim.
Oh. hey. Tess.
You must be Harrison.
I'm Ms. Silvera.
the science teacher here.
I heard you speaking Spanish
the other day.
Uh. ¿de dónde eres?
Puerto Rico.
¿Dónde aprendiste español?
I lived in Argentina
for a few years.
Ms. Silvera
will be administering
Harrison's placement exam.
Then we'll know
which grade level he's at.
And you'll know a little more
about your son.
I'm not surprised
the salon was shut down
for health violations.
I mean. Sally has
really been letting things slide
ever since Edgar fell off
the wagon and started...
Rose-Ellen.
I will call you later.
Hey. Is Angela around?
Conference room.
Apparently.
Reservation Land Management
has footage of Matt Caldwell
shooting that deer.
- Footage?
- Who knew there were cameras
out there?
I sure didn't.
Huh.
What do they even need them for?
I mean. we know how deer mate.
Jim. I need to talk to you.
Great.
I'm gonna be brought down
by three small-town cops...
This is Sam. from Land
and Wildlife Management.
...and a zoologist.
We need you
to clear something up for us.
Happy to.
Heat signatures?
It's pretty cool. huh?
Very.
Okay. pause it.
Does that look like the rifle
you sold to Matt?
Uh...
I'm guessing it's a...
Modern Outfitters MC6 with...
what looks like a very
distinctive Leupold scope.
It's just like the one
I sold Matt.
So you're saying
that this is my son.
Well. this confirms
that Matt shot the deer.
And gets us no closer
to finding him.
Actually. we did find
one more thing.
From the next quadrant over.
about 20 seconds earlier.
He's heading for the same spot
as the first guy.
There's someone else
in the woods.
We need the angle
that shows where they went.
- There's a blind spot.
- Blind spot? Why is there
a fucking blind spot?
This system is set up
for animal tracking.
not crime surveillance.
There's gonna be tons
of blind spots.
Ah. Goddamn it.
Contact tribal police.
Call Albany
and get CSI out here and. um.
go secure the crime scene ASAP.
Yep. yep.
Oh. so now it's a crime scene?
Yes.
You had no idea
there were cameras
all over your people's lands.
You've been treating this
like it's some kind
of goddamn missing persons case.
and. the whole time. you had a
suspect under your fucking nose?
That's the way
these things work. Kurt.
We find new evidence.
Things change.
Now it's
a criminal investigation.
Look. if this guy did
something to Matt.
we'll find him.
You could check
hunting licenses.
We sell 'em at the store.
I can make a list.
Which I won't be on.
Let's interview everyone
who came in contact with Matt
in the 48 hours
before he disappeared.
On it.
Maybe he wasn't out there alone.
What's up. Zach?
Yo. Yo. they got you taking
classes already. or what?
Not yet. I-I just took
the placement test.
It was cake.
Check out the big brain on H.
Yo. man. Look at this shit.
Who's Ethan?
That ballsack over there.
Hey. you should see
the shit he sends her.
Ooh-ooh. oh-oh.
Somebody's in love!
That's fucked up.
Right?
Hunting licenses...
all from this year.
Hopefully this'll help
point you guys
- in the right direction.
- Great. Thanks.
Wildlife cameras.
Who knew?
Not me.
Guys like Kurt
have been doubting me
ever since I joined the force.
Now I've given him
all the ammunition he needs.
I was calling off the search
after the first day
because I found a glove.
What was I thinking?
What I wanted you to think.
If I learned anything. it's that
people don't just disappear.
There's always a reason.
Well. you're a good cop.
You'll find him.
Uh. that was fast.
Maybe we'll start getting
some answers.
Damien.
Ah. Damn it!
You need another hand?
Oh!
Much obliged.
Are you the CSI from Albany?
Well. originally
I'm from St. Louis. but...
You mind if I watch you
work the scene?
I'm a big fan
of those CSI shows.
Hey. I'm coming. too.
It's my son they're looking for.
As long as you both
stay outside the crime scene
and don't disturb
the corpus delicti.
Corpus de-what?
It's Latin
for "body of evidence."
Damn it.
Not out of the woods yet.
What you doing. Mr. Church?
Some of the blood coagulated
differently than the rest.
so I'm testing it
to see if it came from the deer
or if it's human.
Exactly what I would've done.
Blood is the body's...
Truth.
...truth.
It's human.
Someone may have mixed it in
with the deer's blood
so we'd overlook it.
Uh-oh. This guy's good.
Kurt. we don't even know
if that's Matt's blood.
And even if it is.
he could've cut himself.
People cut themselves
dressing animals all the time.
Or maybe it's from
the other guy who was out here.
So. what. somebody attacked Matt
because of that stupid deer
and he fought him off?
- Is that it?
- It's possible.
Shit.
Damien.
what do you think happened?
Come on. Damien. fail me now.
The victim came from over there.
The attacker from over there.
Judging by the pool
of blood.
they met up right around here.
where the deer was shot.
There was some sort of...
altercation.
The attacker
overpowered the victim.
Knocked him down.
The victim then fell...
backwards...
hitting his head right about...
Huh.
There was a rock here.
Must've been removed
after the attack.
I suspect it caused
a head injury.
Wait. so what exactly
are you saying happened here?
What I'm saying is somebody
committed an attack.
then tried to cover it up.
We're looking at foul play.
I've gotten rusty
in my abstinence.
Well. what now?
How do we find the son of
a bitch that did this to my son?
We still don't know
whose blood this is.
We need to establish that first.
That's true.
Kurt. with your
permission. I want Damian
to do a familial DNA test.
We'd run a sample of your DNA
against the human blood
that we just found and...
if it's a match.
it will confirm that it's Matt.
All right.
W-Whatever. Whatever you need.
This is Jim.
Hello. Jim.
It's Principal Strode.
Yeah. I'm kind of in the middle
of something right now.
It's about Harrison.
We need you
to come down to the school.
Harrison scored higher
than any student has
ever scored
on the school placement exam.
So you had me come
all the way down here
to tell me how great my kid is?
Tess left the room
for 15 minutes.
And when she came back.
he was done.
- The test was easy.
Some of the questions
on this test are
for Advanced Placement students.
College-level.
I believe while Tess was gone.
Harrison used his cell phone
to look up answers.
I did not.
Did you cheat?
You accusing me of lying...
Jim?
No.
I'm happy to proctor
the exam again.
There you go.
You take it again. no phones.
I did not cheat.
Then you'll prove it.
Oh. thanks for having my back.
Like always.
Tea.
Oh. that's perfect.
I'm about to head out.
Got to check on the results
of the DNA test
and confirm the search dog team.
Search dogs?
- Yep. Should be here tomorrow.
- Wow.
You're ramping things up.
At this point. I'm just hoping
it's not too late.
It's not.
Search dogs? Jesus fuck. Dex.
- I know.
- You have to move Matt's body.
Those dogs are gonna walk
a straight line from the crime
- scene to your fucking firepit.
- I know.
It's not just about you anymore.
- I know!
- Do you?
It was a one-time slipup.
It doesn't change who I am.
Who is that. exactly?
- Stop.
- Or what?
You gonna kill me again?
Or are other people gonna die?
Because that's
what always happens. right?
- Right?!
- Not this time. No.
What are you doing in there?
All yours.
Just so you know.
Retook the test.
Got a higher score
than the first time.
That's great.
Congrats.
This is Kurt.
It's Chief Bishop.
Apologies for calling so late.
Good news or bad?
I'm afraid it's a match.
The blood we found is
almost certainly Matt's.
I'm sorry.
Well. you should be.
You made my son out
to be some kind of criminal.
I wasn't wrong about that.
Excuse me?
Matt shot a white buck
on sovereign Seneca territory.
A crime that carries a sentence
of at least
several thousand dollars.
I don't give a shit about that!
I only care what happened
to my son.
My guess is
that the other person
out there in the woods
saw Matt shoot the deer.
and wasn't too happy about it.
Well. at least now
you're starting
to sound like a real cop.
With all due respect.
I have been running this search
with zero state funding.
At the crack of dawn.
I'll have 60 volunteers
as far out as Clarke Mountains.
The next day. we will cover
the entire quarry.
The day after that.
we will canvass the caves.
We will not stop
until we find your son.
The caves?
You think he's that far out?
Matt's a smart guy.
Maybe he went
looking for shelter.
What about the summer camp?
I'm having a group splinter off.
We're searching there. too.
Listen. Kurt.
I know you're grieving.
- And I...
- Just call me
when you have an actual lead.
Goddamn it.
Well. I stepped into
An avalanche
It covered up my soul
When I am not this hunchback
That you see
I sleep
beneath the golden hill
You who wish to conquer pain
You must learn. learn
To serve me well
He does not ask for your
Company. not at the center
The center of the world
First the glove. now the scent.
One plus one equals...
Matt.
Wouldn't want
to be prey around here.
Hunters get up way too early.
Looks like you had a long night.
Yeah. one of Mrs. Gross' sheep
was lambing.
She needed my help.
I'm sorry I wasn't here to...
make you breakfast.
Don't worry about it.
I've learned
to take care of myself.
I got to get to school.
You gonna drive me.
or should I walk?
Why not?
Not like it's been
a long night or anything.
Morning. Jimbo!
Got a sec?
Sure.
So. uh. we got the results
from the DNA test.
It's confirmed.
The blood was Matt's.
Oh.
I'm sorry to hear that.
But not surprised.
Anyway. um...
Angela has tasked me
to interview everyone
who saw Matt in the days
before he went missing.
so I just need to ask you
a few questions.
- It won't take long.
- I have to take Harrison
to school. but. uh...
I could stop by the station
during lunch?
Cool.
Appreciate that.
Oh. and. uh. Harrison?
Saw you signed up for wrestling.
Yeah. Yeah. Can't wait.
Real men are made on the mat.
All right. see you soon.
Great. Police dogs.
I hope they have as much fun
running around the woods
as I did last night.
Thanks for making it out
on short notice.
It's how it always is.
Nobody ever plans on
going missing.
- Hey. little guy...
- Yo! Yo. yo. yo.
No touching.
They don't need no confusion
- with your petting.
- This is Matt's.
Let's bring him home.
Sure.
Here you go. boy.
All right. guys. Find Matt!
Let's go!
Let's go. Go. go!
Police Chief Bishop. right?
- Yes.
- Hi. you know.
I heard what happened
and I just had to come help.
Uh... fresh eyes and legs
- are always welcome.
- It's just so tragic.
you know. hometown hunk.
larger-than-life personality.
Are you a friend of Matt's?
Nope. Just a citizen activist.
Hey. is it cool if I tag along?
Maybe search with you?
Uh. you should check
with Sergeant Logan.
He's handling
the volunteer assignments.
Hot cop?
He can totally get it.
Thank you.
Excuse me. Sergeant Logan!
- Hi.
Have a good...
...day.
No time for naps. bro.
Creating that false scent trail
was smart.
but it's not gonna
throw them off forever.
Ideas?
This town is small as fuck.
but there's got to be
someplace to hide a body.
What about your lake?
Just like old times.
It's too shallow.
Some fisherman's liable
to catch a piece of Matt.
Iron Lake Cemetery?
The ground's too frozen
this time of year.
Oh! I know!
Little Fargo. don't you think?
Who are you?
Are you Dexter Morgan
or are you fucking Goldilocks?
None of these places are
gonna work long-term.
What the shit do you mean
"long-term"?
Are you planning
on fucking killing again?
No. I mean.
over time. the body parts
will be discovered.
All I want is
everyone off my property.
a good night's sleep.
and a chance
to make things right
with Harrison.
It's one and done.
Then I'm just a dad.
- Angie.
- Miriam.
Haven't seen you
in these parts for a while.
Yeah. I know.
- Sorry.
- So. what brings you here?
I'm looking for Johnny Bullhorn.
He's on a list of some people
I need to speak with.
It's related to Matt Caldwell.
You don't think
Johnny had something to do
with him disappearing. do you?
No. I just have
to ask him some questions.
Well. you're wasting your time.
Johnny couldn't have
hurt the Caldwell kid
because he's been sick
with the flu.
I've been taking care
of him all week.
I still just have
to talk to him.
- You don't believe me?
- Miriam.
I'm running this investigation
the same as I would
if it were one of us.
Please don't make this
about Iris.
When you girls were younger.
Iris always thought the two
of you would move to the city.
Start a band.
Creator knows what.
Well. maybe she's out there
somewhere now.
Just...
singing her heart out.
Harrison!
Hey.
Kaitlin's not real.
What?
Your online girlfriend.
She's not real.
Zach's been catfishing you.
Who the fuck are you?
Harrison.
Why are you telling me this?
Because guys like Zach shouldn't
always be top of the food chain.
About Matt.
Uh. how many interactions
did you have with him
in the week
before he went missing?
Uh. I'm thinking... three.
Uh. once at Fred's and then...
At The Tavern
and again at his party?
You've done your homework.
It's my job.
Uh. any of the...
exchanges heated?
Nah. they were pleasant enough.
Hmm. A couple of folks
have said that.
um. they'd seen you hunting
in the area he went missing.
but you don't have
a hunting license.
Well. I wasn't hunting.
I was hiking.
With a gun?
For protection.
Uh. you identified
the-the rifle Matt used.
Can you give me any help
with this one?
Uh...
looks like it's probably
a Remington 700.
There's...
over a hundred of 'em
in this town alone.
Uh. uh. were you hunting...
I'm sorry. hiking.
in the woods
the day Matt disappeared?
- No.
- Where were you?
- In my cabin.
- Alone?
Well. as you know. until
very recently. I lived alone.
And you were there all day?
Until I went to work. yeah.
So the last time you saw Matt
was at his party?
Yeah. it's not
really my kind of thing.
but Fred wanted me
to deliver the gun. so...
Hmm.
I really need to get
to the store.
If that's okay.
We're good.
Painless. huh?
Didn't feel a thing.
Fuck.
So. Matt. once again...
what to do with you.
The old iron mine.
It's remote. plenty big.
Filled with tunnels.
Goldilocks.
I think it's just right.
Hey. is it all right
if I go help with the search?
I was about
to suggest that myself.
Great.
Do it.
Oh. shit.
Ethan's got a new pic
for his girl.
Yo.
Ethan strikes back.
You gonna let him get away
with that?
Hey. you think
you're fucking funny.
you small-dick anime virgin?!
Leave Ethan alone.
Or I do this to you
every...
single... fucking... day.
What?
Hey. guys.
What's going on?
Just. just chillin'.
Need a ride?
Oh. by the way.
Coach Logan said
I made the wrestling team.
I'll see you guys on the mat.
So what the hell was
that fight in the hallway?
Ethan told me
they've been torturing him
since elementary school.
He's so scared he can
barely talk to a real person.
They're jerks. I get it.
But when you're
from a small town.
you're sort of stuck with
the people you grew up with.
Stop staring
I wouldn't know.
I moved around a lot.
That must suck.
Upside is I don't really
give a shit about
what people think about me.
Where'd you learn
how to do that. anyway?
Looked like some real UFC shit.
You pick up a few things
in foster homes.
Zach will be fine.
Why. you freaked out?
No.
Mom asked me
to pick up some stuff
for dinner from the butcher.
Cool by you?
I got nowhere to be.
Hey. Gig.
Got any of your homemade
Italian sausage?
Extra spicy?
Mom's cooking
pasta salsiccia tonight.
Sure. How much you need?
Mm. Two pounds should do it.
Ah. Coming right up.
You're Jim Lindsay's kid?
That's what they say.
Welcome to Iron Lake.
Sure will be glad when your mom
gets that white buck
out of my shop.
What?
Yeah. It's been in the cooler
for almost a week.
- You've got to be kidding me.
- Whoa. whoa. whoa.
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
Audrey. hold up.
They brought it
from the crime scene.
Goddamn shame.
Fucking sucks.
What are you gonna do with it?
Once Audrey's mom
no longer needs it for evidence.
I'll call Sanitation
to dispose of the carcass.
I cannot believe
they're gonna treat
this amazing creature like...
roadkill.
We should do something
before they do.
Nice. a three-mile
hike up to the iron mine.
'Cause I just
don't get out enough.
So what's the deal
with you and your dad?
Before you showed up here.
he never mentioned you.
When I come again...
Mm. It's not worth going into.
What's the deal
with you and yours?
Um... he's dead.
Oh.
I'm-I'm sorry.
It was a long time ago.
I barely remember him.
And my birth mom? Nothing.
Wait. Wait. Angela's not...
The woman who gave birth to me
abandoned me
right after I was born.
So Angela is my mom.
That your guitar in the back?
It was my Dad's.
I love playing it knowing
he held it in his hands.
Oh. and this fucking car
was his. too.
- What's wrong?
- Damn it.
Probably
the damn radiator again.
Yep.
Radiator hose split.
Got to replace it.
What. you know how
to do this shit?
My mom's paranoid
about everything.
Made me learn
how to change a tire
as soon as I got
my learner's permit.
Great.
No bars.
You mind going down that road
and calling Jerry's Auto Shop?
Yeah.
- The number's in my phone.
- Okay.
Tell him I need
a three-inch wide. two-foot long
radiator hose and two clamps.
- I got you.
- I'll pop this hose off
so we can
get out of here sooner.
All right. All right.
Everything all right?
Radiator.
Oh. I. um...
Do you need a ride someplace?
My friend's just up
that hill calling for help.
- Uh-huh.
- He should be back soon.
Well. do you want to wait
in my car until he gets back?
It's warm. Sodas. TV.
I know who you are. Mr. Olsen.
I know the tonnage of CO2
your chemical plants
release every year.
The millions you've spent
fighting climate science.
Want to be helpful?
Stop fucking up the planet.
Oh. my.
You know. I find it funny
that you hate me so much.
and here you are
driving this old gas-guzzler.
Some might consider
that hypocritical. but I don't.
People are complicated.
Life's complicated.
One day you'll understand
how the world really works.
You have a good day. Audrey.
Stay safe.
Any luck?
The minute I mentioned
your mom's name.
Jerry was halfway to his truck.
What was that about?
Just Edward Olsen
being a billionaire.
Mine's not the body
I'm looking to hide.
Okay.
This'll work.
I miss this.
The quiet.
Calm.
Solitude.
Fuck!
Hey. you. What's up?
Just seeing if you want
to come over for dinner tonight.
Tonight? Uh...
I'm not sure I'm up for it.
I'm kind of exhausted.
Rain check?
I know. I'm exhausted. too.
You think I feel like cooking
for Audrey and Harrison?
- Harrison?
- Yeah.
Audrey invited him over.
If you don't want to come.
it's okay.
No. I'd love to come.
I'll come.
Sup. Eeth?
I wanted to thank you for today.
Yeah. don't worry about it.
I've always fantasized
about hurting Zach like that.
but you actually did.
Fuck those guys.
They just think they're hard
'cause they hunt and shit.
Uh. they don't know anything
about real violence.
I got a bunch of drawings
of those assholes.
You want to see?
Thrill me.
What are you. like.
The Punisher or something?
They'd be fucking
scared of me if I was. huh?
Fucking petrified.
Bears. dogs.
I miss the days
when the only animals
I had to worry about
were alligators.
And Rusty's dogs spent the day
literally barking
up the wrong tree.
They couldn't find
shit out there.
I saw. I mean.
what do you think it means?
I don't know. but I'm going
to meet Rusty and his dogs
at the crime scene tomorrow.
What do you mean. you saw?
On the Merry Fucking Kill
Instagram.
Can you believe Molly Park is
in Iron Lake?
Who's Molly Park?
Oh. you got
to be fucking kidding me.
Let me see that again?
She was in the store today.
She was loading up
on winter gear.
I guess she's sticking around
for a while.
Wait. so...
so she's a podcaster?
It's only. like.
the most popular
true crime podcast out there.
I mean. she has. like. a million
followers on Instagram.
You're into true crime?
It's murder. but it's funny.
I'll text you my top five.
So...
I got a call
from Abraham Brown today.
He said you guys took
a little drive
out to the Reservation.
Did you think
I wasn't gonna find out?
I was trying
to do the right thing.
By going behind my back?
The way that deer's
being treated is.
like. totally fucked...
messed up.
Even though it's dead.
it still deserves dignity.
I agree.
Then why didn't
you do something?
Um. I'm in the middle
of a criminal investigation.
I've been a little busy.
Audz. next time. just come to me
and we can find
a solution together.
This isn't some
parenting Jedi Mind Trick.
This is me on your side.
I spoke with Abraham.
We came up with a plan
for the deer.
Just need you to release it.
Hmm. Say we are done with it.
What's the plan?
- Gonna do a bonfire...
- Who'd have thought
I would find this.
A family in Iron Lake.
A family that I very nearly lost
because of an impulsive kill.
I don't want to lose this.
...Jim would
drive his tractor...
All that's left is
to find a spot to...
...move the body.
What?
Y-You could help us
move the deer's body. right?
Your-your truck bed's
big enough?
Yeah. Should be.
Hmm. Sounds like a plan.
Great.
'Cause I already told them
we'd be doing it tonight.
Nya: weh sgëno'.
Nya: weh. Angela.
Thank you for agreeing to this.
Of course.
Humans have always
dealt with death
through rituals.
Guess mine are just
a little unique.
Hey. we should go.
Look at them...
as close as people can be.
And here I stand. ten feet
and 1.000 miles away
from my own son.
I should've stood up for you
at school yesterday.
I was wrong.
Yeah. you were.
Well. from now on.
this is me on your side.
Thanks. Dad.
"Dad." Wow.
My new favorite word.
I only wish
the rest of my problems
would go up in smoke.
Wait a minute.
Finally.
Rid of Matt's body for good.
And now back to abstaining.
But I don't know.
What if it's not the killing
that got me in trouble?
What if it's the not killing?
That does not look
like a grieving father.
What's wrong with this picture?
What'd I do with the...?
There we go.
Hey. Kurt.
Oh. hey. man.
Hey. Hey.
Did you hear my news?
No. What's the news?
He's alive.
Yeah.
Matty's alive.
H-How do you know?
Well. he-he called me.
And we had the best talk.
Really great talk.
Must've been amazing
to hear his voice.
Oh. yeah. well. I did more
than hear... hear him.
W-We FaceTimed.
FaceTimed.
I actually saw the face
of the son
that I thought I had lost.
That's unbelievable.
I know. right?
Hey. come on.
Why don't you let me
- give you a ride home?
- I'm just right here...
- I insist.
- Okay.
- You're such a good friend.
- Yeah.
- Geez.
- Matt's ashes.
I try.
I bet this is the closest
Matt and Kurt have ever been.
Ah. you're good.
You're good and I am so lucky.
So lucky to...
be surrounded
by such great people.
Especially you. Jimmy.
Hey. my Matty's alive!
Can you believe it?
Actually. no.
And why would he lie?
Provided by explosiveskull
https://twitter.com/kaboomskull
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-